Add documentation for ipaddr filters (#70343)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_filters_ipaddr.rst

    # {{ '192.168.122.1/24' | ansible.netcommon.ipaddr('range_usable') }}
    192.168.122.1-192.168.122.254

To find the peer IP address for a point to point link, use ``peer``::

    # {{ '192.168.122.1/31' | ansible.netcommon.ipaddr('peer') }}
    192.168.122.0
    # {{ '192.168.122.1/30' | ansible.netcommon.ipaddr('peer') }}
    192.168.122.2

To return the nth ip from a network, use the filter ``nthhost``::

    # {{ '10.0.0.0/8' | ansible.netcommon.nthhost(305) }}
    10.0.1.49

> ``nthhost`` supports also a negative value, so it provides the ip address downward::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``nthhost`` also supports a negative value::
```

    # {{ '10.0.0.0/8' | ansible.netcommon.nthhost(-1) }}
    10.255.255.255

To find the next nth usable IP address in relation to another within a range, use ``next_nth_usable``
In the example, ``next_nth_usable`` returns the second usable IP address for the given IP range::

    # {{ '192.168.122.1/24' | ansible.netcommon.next_nth_usable(2) }}
    192.168.122.3

If there is no usable address, it returns an empty string::

    # {{ '192.168.122.254/24' | ansible.netcommon.next_nth_usable(2) }}
    ""

> There is also a filter ``previous_nth_usable`` to find previous usable address::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just like ``next_nth_ansible``, you have ``previous_nth_usable`` to find previous usable address::
```

Reviewer: Just suggestion, not blocker.

    # {{ '192.168.122.10/24' | ansible.netcommon.previous_nth_usable(2) }}
    192.168.122.8

Testing if a address belong to a network range
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Filter ``network_in_usable`` returns wether an address passed as argument is usable in a network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter ``network_in_usable`` returns whether an address passed as argument is usable in a network.
```

Author: fixed

Usable addresses are addresses that can be assigned to host so address of the network except network
and broadcast addresses.::

    # {{ '192.168.0.0/24' | ansible.netcommon.network_in_usable( '192.168.0.1' ) }}
    True

    # {{ '192.168.0.0/24' | ansible.netcommon.network_in_usable( '192.168.0.255' ) }}
    False

    # {{ '192.168.0.0/16' | ansible.netcommon.network_in_usable( '192.168.0.255' ) }}
    True

> Filter ``network_in_network`` returns wether an address or a network passed as argument is in a network.::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter ``network_in_network`` returns whether an address or a network passed as argument is in a network.::
```

Author: fixed

    # {{ '192.168.122.1/24' | ansible.netcommon.ipaddr('range_usable') }}
    192.168.122.1-192.168.122.254

To find the peer IP address for a point to point link, use ``peer``::

    # {{ '192.168.122.1/31' | ansible.netcommon.ipaddr('peer') }}
    192.168.122.0
    # {{ '192.168.122.1/30' | ansible.netcommon.ipaddr('peer') }}
    192.168.122.2

> To return the nth ip from a network, use the filter ``nthhost``::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To return the nth IP from a network, use the filter ``nthhost``::
```

    # {{ '10.0.0.0/8' | ansible.netcommon.nthhost(305) }}
    10.0.1.49

``nthhost`` also supports a negative value::

    # {{ '10.0.0.0/8' | ansible.netcommon.nthhost(-1) }}
    10.255.255.255

To find the next nth usable IP address in relation to another within a range, use ``next_nth_usable``
In the example, ``next_nth_usable`` returns the second usable IP address for the given IP range::

    # {{ '192.168.122.1/24' | ansible.netcommon.next_nth_usable(2) }}
    192.168.122.3

If there is no usable address, it returns an empty string::

    # {{ '192.168.122.254/24' | ansible.netcommon.next_nth_usable(2) }}
    ""

> Just like ``next_nth_ansible``, you have ``previous_nth_usable`` to find previous usable address::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Just like ``next_nth_ansible``, you have ``previous_nth_usable`` to find the previous usable address::
```

    # {{ '192.168.122.10/24' | ansible.netcommon.previous_nth_usable(2) }}
    192.168.122.8

> Testing if a address belong to a network range

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Testing if an address belongs to a network range
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Filter ``network_in_usable`` returns whether an address passed as argument is usable in a network.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The ``network_in_usable`` filter returns whether an address passed as an argument is usable in a network.
```

> Usable addresses are addresses that can be assigned to host so address of the network except network

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Usable addresses are addresses that can be assigned to a host. The network ID and
```

> and broadcast addresses.::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the broadcast address are not usable addresses.::
```

    # {{ '192.168.0.0/24' | ansible.netcommon.network_in_usable( '192.168.0.1' ) }}
    True

    # {{ '192.168.0.0/24' | ansible.netcommon.network_in_usable( '192.168.0.255' ) }}
    False

    # {{ '192.168.0.0/16' | ansible.netcommon.network_in_usable( '192.168.0.255' ) }}
    True

> Filter ``network_in_network`` returns whether an address or a network passed as argument is in a network.::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The ``network_in_network`` filter returns whether an address or a network passed as argument is in a network.::
```

    # {{ '192.168.0.0/24' | ansible.netcommon.network_in_network( '192.168.0.1' ) }}
    True

    # {{ '192.168.0.0/24' | ansible.netcommon.network_in_network( '192.168.0.0/24' ) }}
    True

    # {{ '192.168.0.0/24' | ansible.netcommon.network_in_network( '192.168.0.255' ) }}
    True

    # Check in a network is part of another network
    # {{ '192.168.0.0/16' | ansible.netcommon.network_in_network( '192.168.0.0/24' ) }}
    True

> Should you have several addresses to check if they belong to a network, you can use ``reduce_on_network``::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To check whether multiple addresses belong to a network, use the ``reduce_on_network`` filter::
```

Here are a few simple examples::

>     # Get the next five address based on a ip address

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # Get the next five addresses based on an IP address
```

    # {{ '192.168.1.5' | ansible.netcommon.ipmath(5) }}
    192.168.1.10

>     # Get the ten previous address based on a ip address

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # Get the ten previous addresses based on an IP address
```

    # {{ '192.168.0.5' | ansible.netcommon.ipmath(-10) }}
    192.167.255.251

>     # Get the next five address using cidr notation

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # Get the next five addresses using CIDR notation
```

    # {{ '192.168.1.1/24' | ansible.netcommon.ipmath(5) }}
    192.168.1.6

>     # Get the previous five address using cidr notation

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # Get the previous five addresses using CIDR notation
```

    # {{ '192.168.1.6/24' | ansible.netcommon.ipmath(-5) }}
    192.168.1.1

>     # Get the previous ten address using cidr notation

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # Get the previous ten addresses using CIDR notation
```

>     # It returns a address of the previous network range

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # This filter returns an address in the previous network range
```

    # {{ '192.168.2.6/24' | ansible.netcommon.ipmath(-10) }}
    192.168.1.252

>     # Get the next ten address in IPv6

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # Get the next ten addresses in IPv6
```

    # {{ '2001::1' | ansible.netcommon.ipmath(10) }}
    2001::b

>     # Get the previous ten address in IPv6

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # Get the previous ten addresses in IPv6
```

    linux or unix: 1a:2b:3c:4d:5e:6f:
    pgsql, postgresql, or psql: 1a2b3c:4d5e6f

> Generate IPv6 address in Stateless Configuration (SLAAC)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Generate an IPv6 address in Stateless Configuration (SLAAC)
```
